Mr. Speaker —

Thank you. You can smile. It’s okay.

Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Please.

Mr. Speaker, Madam Vice President, our First Lady and Second Gentleman — good to see you guys up there — members of Congress —

And, by the way, Chief Justice, I may need a court order. She gets to go to the game tomorr- — next week. I have to stay home. We got to work something out here.

Members of the Cabinet, leaders of our military, Chief Justice, Associate Justices, and retired Justices of the Supreme Court, and to you, my fellow Americans:

You know, I start tonight by congratulating the 118th Congress and the new Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy.

Speaker, I don’t want to ruin your reputation, but I look forward to working with you.

And I want to congratulate the new Leader of the House Democrats, the first African American Minority Leader in history, Hakeem Jeffries.

He won despite the fact I campaigned for him.

Congratulations to the longest-serving Leader in the history of the United States Senate, Mitch McConnell. Where are you, Mitch?

And congratulations to Chuck Schumer, another — you know, another term as Senate Minority [Majority] Leader. You know, I think you — only this time you have a slightly bigger majority, Mr. Leader. And you’re the Majority Leader. About that much bigger? Yeah.

Well, I tell you what — I want to give specolec- — special recognition to someone who I think is going to be considered the greatest Speaker in the history of the House of Representatives: Nancy Pelosi.

Folks, the story of America is a story of progress and resilience, of always moving forward, of never, ever giving up. It’s a story unique among all nations.

We’re the only country that has emerged from every crisis we’ve ever entered stronger than we got into it.

Look, folks, that’s what we’re doing again.

Two years ago, the economy was reeling. I stand here tonight, after we’ve created, with the help of many people in this room, 12 million new jobs — more jobs created in two years than any President has created in four years — because of you all, because of the American people.